Added SEND_TO_EXTERNAL_HANDLER to prefetch guide (#7600)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/android/custom-tabs/guide-warmup-prefetch/index.md

{% endAside %}

## Open webpages in native apps

On Android, URLs can be handled by native applications. For example, if the user has the Facebook app installed and clicks on a link to a Facebook post, they usually prefer the link opening in the Facebook app instead of in the browser.

> By default, Custom Tabs opens links in the respective native application if installed. However, once a `CustomTabsServiceConnection` has been established, this behavior stops working and all URLs open in Custom Tabs instead.  For an improved user experience, we recommend re-enabling this behavior using the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Custom Tabs opens links in the respective native application if installed. However, once a `CustomTabsServiceConnection` has been established, this behavior stops working and all URLs open in Custom Tabs instead. For an improved user experience, we recommend re-enabling this behavior using the following code:
```

{% endAside %}

## Open webpages in native apps

On Android, URLs can be handled by native applications. For example, if the user has the Facebook app installed and clicks on a link to a Facebook post, they usually prefer the link opening in the Facebook app instead of in the browser.

> For an improved user experience, we recommend allowing users to open webpages in native applications using the following code:

Reviewer 2: I think it'd be good here to explain the difference to the default behavior. E.g. like:

```suggestion
By default, Custom Tabs will open links in the respective native application if installed. However, once a `CustomTabsServiceConnection` has been established, this behavior stops working and all URLs will open a Custom Tab instead.  For an improved user experience, we recommend re-enabling this behavior using the following code:
```
